Twitter DogHouse App

Submission for the following CloudSpokes Challenge: http://www.cloudspokes.com/challenges/1540

Social networking with Twitter is great except when the people you follow pollute your feed with sponsored spam, political flamewars, and live-tweets of some show or event you don't care about. With this app you can unfollow them, tell them they are being annoying, and re-follow them after a specified amount of time.

Features:

- List of following users loaded for you to choose from
- Select user to add to your DogHouse
- Set optional insert and release from DogHouse tweets to be sent to the Tweeter you are punishing
- View and edit duration and release tweet for all users currently in the DogHouse
- Send special Tweet to @TwitDoghouse to have us put users in your DogHouse AUTOMATICALLY
- Fully responsive. Looks great on mobile devices
- Killer logo!

Production app:

- This app is currently being hosted by Heroku at http://twitter-doghouse.herokuapp.com/.
  - If the live app fails, please check status.heroku.com to make sure that it's not because the server is down.

Deployment instructions:

- Runs on Rails 3.2.2 and Ruby 1.9.3
- Uses Twitter Bootstrap and Font Awesome for the UI.
- There is a rake task that initiates the check for "Put in DogHouse" requests sent to the @TwitDoghouse account called 'handle_twitter_requests' in lib/tasks/scheduler.rake.
  - In production, Heroku scheduler executes this task every 10 minutes. In development you need to run this task manually in order to test it out.
- The files in vendor/assets are not my code. They are jquery plugins that I downloaded.
- After cloning the project don't forget to run 'bundle install' and 'rake db:migrate'.
- This app uses Delayed Job to run many asynchronous tasks. 
  - I run the app with Foreman (forman start) which runs the server and my worker.
  - This executes the Procfile. Make sure you have created a .env file: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9765860/foreman-start-error-server-rb33-missing-argument
- Constants are set in config/initializers/constants.rb
- You will need to connect to your own Twitter app by modifying the TWITTER_KEY and TWITTER_SECRET in config/environments/development.rb.
- Run the rake tast 'initialize_canned_tweets' to populate the CannedTweet table with some hilarious canned Doghouse enter and exit tweets.